Proofreading - previously checked files (#11750)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-model-dev-tools.md

```
You will see the help message for Model Optimizer if installation finished successfully.

## For C++ Developers

> Note the following things:

Author: ```suggestion
Keep in mind the following things:
```

> * To install OpenVINO Development Tools, you must have OpenVINO Runtime installed first. You may install OpenVINO Runtime through an installer ([Linux](installing-openvino-linux.md), [Windows](installing-openvino-windows.md), or [macOS](installing-openvino-macos.md)), [APT for Linux](installing-openvino-apt.md) or [YUM for Linux](installing-openvino-yum.md). 

Author: ```suggestion
* To install OpenVINO Development Tools, you must have OpenVINO Runtime installed first. OpenVINO Runtime can be installed through an installer ([Linux](installing-openvino-linux.md), [Windows](installing-openvino-windows.md), or [macOS](installing-openvino-macos.md)), [APT for Linux](installing-openvino-apt.md) or [YUM for Linux](installing-openvino-yum.md). 
```
